[ Music ]
>> Mike Adams: Welcome
to Secrets to Health.
This is Mike Adams and Ed Group.
I'm the editor of Natural News.
>> Dr. Edward Group: And I'm the
owner of Global Healing Center.
>>Mike: And today you probably
noticed I'm wearing a chemical
suit because today,
we're dealing
with a very dangerous toxic
element known as-- what Ed?
>> Dr. Group: Fluoride.
And in order to handle fluoride,
you have to be in
a protective suit.
Although, everybody is exposed
to fluoride on a daily basis
and that's what we're
going to talk about today,
but first before Mike
burns up in his suit,
I think we should
do a demonstration,
Mike is taking the time to
get a fluoride test meter
and we're going to
demonstrate how much fluoride is
in this water right here
which is actually fed
to infants and babies.
Mike it's crazy.
>> Mike: Let's do it.
But first, let me
explain to folks out there
who are watching them.
I think this is over kill
but it turns out, you know,
the chemical weapons used
in Syria not too long ago?
Well, according to the British
press, a raw material used
to make chemical weapons
was allowed to be exported
by the British government
to Syria.
Well, if you look at
the press reports,
that raw material was nothing
other than sodium fluoride.
>>Dr. Group: The same
stuff that's rat poison?
>> Mike: Yeah, exactly.
It's also the same stuff
that's put into products
such as toothpaste, mouthwash,
and even a baby water product
that we're going to test
right here on camera.
But it's just important
for people to note
that you can take
sodium fluoride,
you can use that to make a
deadly nerve gas poison known
as sarin gas which was actually
created by Nazi scientists, Ed.
>> Dr. Group: It's amazing
that it's in our water supply
and it's in all kinds of
prescription medications,
and even since the 1939 when
fluoride was first introduced
into the water system,
it was introduced
in the Nazi concentration camps
because it calmed people down
and it made them
lethargic and they were able
to control people better
and reduce their aggression.
>> Mike: Making them docile.
All right, let's go
ahead with the test here.
So, the first thing we're
going to do is we're going
to actually calibrate
our fluoride tester.
This is a calibrated fluoride
liquid containing exactly 1 part
per million of fluoride.
We're going to run our test.
I'll show you the zero,
as soon as it's up.
And this is a pretty quick test
but it does take a few
seconds, Ed, so there we go.
Let me show the viewers,
we are now calibrated
at zero parts per
million, right here.
And this test is fairly precise
so we can actually do
exactly what we want here.
Now, we're going to take
the fluoridated water.
It's called nursery water.
And we're going to take a
very precise pipe header
at the pipe pet, we're going
to take 10 milliliters
of water-- I'm sorry.
>> Dr. Group: It's quite
hard for you to see there--
[ Inaudible Discussion ]
>> Mike: This is a tough job.
All right, actually we're
going to take 8 milliliters
and then 2 milliliters
of reagent.
>> Dr. Group: I feel sorry
for the guys who have
to actually carry and
hold that toxic fluoride
and those suits all day dumping
it into the public water system.
>> Mike: I know, exactly.
This is a tough job.
But now we're going to take--
I'm sorry, over here is
our reagent which is going
to help us detect the actual
fluoride level in this product.
>> Dr. Group: Need some
help with that buddy?
>> Mike: Yes, please, thank you.
Now this reagent is
safe for you to handle
because it doesn't
contain any fluoride.
And we get 2 milliliters,
thanks you, into our sample.
Here's our sample.
So now we're going to take
our sample and we're going
to run the test on that using
our calibrated fluoride meter.
If I can work the list--
>> Dr. Group: Here,
let me help you out.
>> Mike: Oh, they're done now.
All right, there we go.
We're going to put in the
fluoride detection meter.
We're going to press read and
I'll show you the results here
as they come up and then we'll
be able to see-- there we go.
>> Dr. Group: Wow.
>> Mike: 2 over 2 parts per
million is what this meter is
saying, over 2 parts
per million.
The flashing means it's over 2
because 2 is the detection
limit of this meter.
Now this product, this
baby water product says
that it contains
1 part per million
of fluoride-- sodium fluoride.
This meter is reading 2,
there might be some variation
or this-- who knows, maybe
this meter is reading too much
or maybe there's too much in
there, we don't know for sure
until we do more test.
But, they both agree that
there is sodium fluoride
in this baby water product
and it is well known
that sodium fluoride
is an ingredient
that can be use to
make nerve gas.
>> Dr. Group: That's amazing.
I mean, it's-- you know, it's
just amazing that they allow
so much fluoride to
be put in the water
and it's the more research
that I do and that we do,
we just find that it's
overwhelmingly shocking
that there is so much
Fluoride in pharmaceuticals,
Prozac for example contains a
fluoride compound, but I know--
>> Mike. Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: -- you're
getting hot in your suit Mike,
so let's get you
out of that suit
and then we can start
having fun in talking
about letting people know
how they can avoid fluoride
from household items.
>> Mike: All right, that
sounds like a great idea.
I think the CO2 level
in the suit is
about at 10,000 parts
per million.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah.
I don't want to have to
catch even passing out.
>> Mike: I'm going to
get out of this suit
and we'll be right back
to continue telling
you more information
about sodium fluoride
and how to avoid it
so that you have solution.
>> Dr. Group: So, welcome back.
We're here today talking about
fluoride toxicity and you know,
a lot of people don't even
know where fluoride comes from
but fluorine is actually
a halogen with chlorine
and bromine and iodine.
Now the toxic form of fluoride
was actually a byproduct
of aluminum manufacturing,
steel manufacturing,
nuclear manufacturing, back
in the early 1930s and 1940s.
>> Mike: And it's just-- it's
important for people to note
that this is a naturally
occurring mineral in the soil.
But, when it's refined and
extracted and taken out,
it can become poisonous.
So, a lot of wells for example
are contaminated with fluoride.
It's a contaminant when
you take it in too much.
So, I just want to make sure
that people know that it's not
like these factories are
creating the fluoride,
they're actually emitting
it from mining operations.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
And then what happened was
they had such an excess of it
that they didn't know what to do
with it all and then originally,
it was going into
the air and it was--
>> Mike: Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: -- killing of all
the livestock and it was killing
of all the farm and
agricultural land.
And so there was
lawsuit against Alcoa,
which was Aluminum Company
and the byproduct
was sodium fluoride
and they had actually
start collecting it
because it was poisoning
the land.
>> Mike: Yeah, and phosphate
mining for fertilizer,
phospate mining produces
fluoride as a byproduct again
because it's in the soil.
So, that was causing
the same problem.
It was killing wildlife so
they needed a way to get rid
of the fluoride and there're
really only two ways to get rid
of it if you're a mining company
or an aluminum smelting company.
You can either, A, use EPA
guidelines to dispose of it
as a toxic hazardous waste
or, B, you can convince people
to buy it and put
it in their water
which is what cities
are now doing.
So that's how they get
rid of sodium fluoride.
>> Dr. Group: Yes it would
have caused billions of dollars
to be able to remove
that toxic compound
from the atmosphere
and fluoride gas.
I mean, just think
of all the people
that take a shower everyday
with fluoridated water
that are actually
breathing that gas.
No one even talks about that.
But, they decided to
hire top scientists
to convince the public that
fluoride was going to be safe
so they could put it
in the water supply
and fluoridate the nation.
>> Mike: Ed, you make a
really good point actually
that you're talking about
water vapor in a shower
like hot water they
breathing that in.
Fortunately, it's
not a fluorine gas
which would kill people
instantly but it is--
it is a water vapor that they
can inhale into their lungs
and then that-- that's
exposure to fluoride.
Now what we just showed with
the lab test that we just did is
that you can then get additional
fluoride exposure from products
where it is intentionally added.
Like this nursery water, they're
actually putting fluoride
in this water that's intended
to be given to babies and that's
at about 1 part per million.
This anti-cavity
mouthwash contains Ed,
500 parts per million fluoride,
and then this toothpaste contain
very high levels as well.
We haven't tested them so
we don't know the level
but it could very conceivably
be 500 parts per million
or even a thousand parts
per million sodium fluoride.
>> Dr. Group: And you, even a
long time ago when they came
out with fluoride
toothpaste and everything,
it was never intended
to be ingested.
It was only intended to be used
as a mouthwash and spit out
or to be put on the teeth
for addressing dental
carries or dental cavities.
Although, it's been proven
now with scientific research
that fluoride actually
damages teeth.
We have a 40 percent of all
teenagers right now in America
that have dental Fluorosis
that have been raised
on fluoridated water.
>> Mike: That's a
huge number, Ed.
40 percent.
It just really tells you how
big of a problem this is.
And when you have added fluoride
in products like this baby water
or this toothpaste
sometimes are swallowed too,
by the way ingested, and many
toothpaste have poison control
warnings right on the label.
You know, if you
swallow this, you know,
call the poison control center.
It turns out there is enough
fluoride in an adult tube
of toothpaste to kill a child
if they were to actually eat it.
It's that toxic.
So, the problem is that
people are being dosed
with sodium fluoride
through the water supply
and through the supplemental
products even though no one is
testing them for whether
they have high levels
of fluoride causing
dental fluorosis.
And if you want to
know what that causes,
take a look at these pictures.
This is dental fluorosis,
an extreme case, yes.
But look how damaging
it is to teeth.
It's extraordinary--
horrifying actually.
>> Dr. Group: I mean,
that is just-- that is--
I feel sorry for
that child actually.
I mean, look at that picture.
That's just-- you know, that
poor child is going to have
to grow up and is never
going to have teeth
and fluoride really affects
children's teeth more
than the adult teeth.
I mean, it really-- when--
if you can look at your
child's teeth right now
and you see little white
spots on there or yellow lines
on there or little brown spots
on there, that's an indication
that that child is starting to
get fluorosis, dental fluorosis.
And another point you made Mike
is the fact that we were taking
about fluoride as a poison.
Fluoride is actually a
prescription medication.
>> Mike: Yes.
Yes it is.
And, by the way, the
fluorosis of the bones
and the teeth is not the only
negative side effect caused
by over exposure
to sodium fluoride.
Lower IQ's have now been
statistically linked.
In scientific studies,
the children
who have the most
fluoride intake
from naturally occurring
fluoride
in water wells have
the lowest IQs.
So, fluoride is one of those
elements that actually interfere
with normal cognitive
development.
It makes kids damn down
or cognitively impaired is
probably the correct term
for that.
>> Dr. Group: So Mike-- I
mean, it's just amazing to me
and it's shocking when I do
the research and I look back
and trace the history
of fluoride.
And anybody could do this,
just go online and do it.
I mean, you don't have to
believe what we're saying.
We want you to do
the research on this.
We want you to go because the
more information that you have,
the better you and your
family is going to be.
But when you look at what
originally fluoride was used for
and how it was used in
the concentration camps
in Nazi Germany, in
Russian concentration camps.
It was used for one purpose
and one purpose only, Mike,
and that was to control
the population
to decrease the aggressiveness
of the people.
>> Mike: I want to just add
to that because it sounds
like an urban myth if you're
hearing this information
for the first time.
You're thinking that
couldn't possibly be true.
Sounds like a myth.
But, you heard of
sarin gas right?
That's the gas that was used
on the Japanese subway attack.
That's the gas used eligibly
by in Syria, sarin gas.
But you know how sarin
gas got his name, Ed?
Sarin is the-- it's a
combination of the letters
of the names of the
four German scientists
who developed sarin gas
under the Hitler regime.
So-- And they used fluoride
as their first element
of sarin gas.
In fact, sarin gas has only five
basic elements in it, oxygen,
phosphorus, nitrogen, and
one other plus fluorine.
And all four out of the
five are completely harmless
in common in the human body.
Fluorine is the toxic element.
So, if you really
look at history, Ed,
it goes back to sarin gas.
It goes back to Nazi Germany.
And, if you look at
the table of elements
as you mentioned
earlier, the column of--
where fluorine is located, right
below fluorine is chlorine,
right below chlorine is bromine,
and right below bromine
is iodine.
And this helps explain
why fluoride interferes
with iodine absorption and I
like you to talk about that,
why iodine is so
important for human health
and how fluoride
interferes with it.
>> Dr. Group: Well, yes.
I mean, it's extremely
important.
We'll talk about that
when we get to some
of the solutions
here pretty soon.
But another thing I want to talk
about is the fact that fluorides
in prescription medications and
fluoride has never been approved
by the FDA to go into
the water supply.
It's been approved as a
prescription medication.
>> Mike: That's right.
>> Dr. Group: So,
it's strange to see
that if they're adding a
prescription medication
to all the water supplies.
But, only in the
US it seems like--
I mean, the majority of water
fluoridation is in the US.
If you look at Europe,
98 percent of Western Europe
is not even fluoridated.
>> Mike: Well, let
me add to that.
If you look at where these
cities are buying their sodium
fluoride to dump in to the water
supply, it's quite shocking.
We did an in-depth investigation
on that at Natural News.
Check out this photo.
This is a container
full of sodium fluoride,
packed in bags that's
about to be exported
from chemical factories
in China.
Now, this is imported
into the United States,
dumped in the water supply.
The problem is it's not
just sodium fluoride.
Early tests are already showing
that this so-called fluoride
contains heavy metals
such as cadmium, lead,
mercury, arsenic,
and even other lighter
elements possibly including tin,
copper, and aluminum.
So, the sodium fluoride
is contaminated.
It is a poison and the only
reason it doesn't kill more
people out right is because
the dosing is very low
in the water supply.
But that doesn't make
it safe, it just means,
you're being killed
slowly with the poison.
And that's not a good thing.
>> Dr. Group: I know.
And you know, that's a good
point that you bring up too
because if you run fluoridated
water through lead pipes
in all the older homes,
it's actually going
to strip the pipes of lead
and possibly other
contaminants that build up--
>> Mike: Good point.
>> Dr. Group: --
within the pipes.
So, you might-- you know,
you just don't know
what's your getting.
I mean I-- you know, tap water--
you've done tests on tap water.
I've done lots of
tests on tap water.
I mean, it is one of the most
damaging and toxic things
that people can consume and
we're talking about water here.
And we're not even talking
about-- listen, all the beer,
the sodas, all the juices that
are made with tap water that are
out there that people are
buying, who even knows,
there's no regulation or
no testing that, you know,
if you're going to go
get a Coke or something,
they have to disclose to
you or put on the label,
this contains this
amount of fluoride.
>> Mike: That's a
really good point.
There's also fluoride in
the plants, in the produce
that you buy at the
grocery store.
Why? Because fluoridated
water is in many cases used
to irrigate agriculture.
And that's not regulated either.
So, they can actually
have a toxic poison,
a toxic chemical
put on the plants
that is absorbed partially
through the roots obviously
and through the leaves
in some way--
in some measure I should say.
And then that becomes
part of the plant
and you're eating that.
And you mentioned, Ed,
that psychiatric drug,
you said medications are
also based on fluoride,
it's absolutely true in
terms of molecular weight.
SSIR drugs, the
antidepressants--
>> Dr. Group: Prozac.
>> Mike: -- psychiatric drugs
are about 14 percent fluorine,
atomic fluorine by
molecular weight.
That's shocking because fluorine
does not belong anywhere
in the human body and if
you get it into your brain,
it reacts the brain chemistry
which is why those drugs are
linked to so many suicides.
>> Dr. Group: Exactly.
Just like you said what
happens is we have a major
iodine deficiency.
And Mike brought it up earlier
Iodine is what helps your immune
system, it controls
your metabolism,
it regulates your
endocrine organs.
Breast cancer, fibrocystic
breast disease, ovarian cyst
on the ovaries, you know goiters
on the thyroid are just cystic
scar tissue, lack of iodine
in the tyroid and the reason
why is because there's
so much fluoride,
there's so much chlorine,
there's so much bromine
and bromide that--
those halogens fight for
the receptor sites and clog
up the thyroid and don't
let iodine come in.
And when that happens,
these are all the symptoms
of iodine deficiency.
Once you start putting
more iodine in the body,
it will kick out the fluoride.
It will kick out and
detoxified those toxic halogens,
and then you will start
to repair your body again
and you won't have that
fibrocystic breast disease
and a polycystic ovaries and
prostate cancer in men as well.
>> Mike: So, yeah.
Let's talk about solutions here
for the last segment
of the show here.
You mentioned iodine already.
That's really important
because iodine
when you have the proper
amount of iodine in your body,
it competes with
fluoride absorption.
So, the more iodine you
have, the less you're thyroid
in particular is
absorbing fluoride.
And thyroid of course
controls metabolism.
Many people who suffer
from an unexplainable,
uncontrollable weight gain
are actually just suffering
from hypothyroidism and low
function of the thyroid gland
because it's been poisoned by
fluoride and not nutrified,
not nourished with
enough iodine.
I know you're expert
on iodine, Ed, so.
>> Dr. Group: I mean, iodine,
I would say is probably
the top mineral
that I would recommend
to everybody.
Just because we're so deficient
and we don't get enough iodine
in our food sources, Mike.
You know, and I'm even nervous
about the whole Fukushima
and I know we're doing a show
on radiation and the damage
of radiation and we'll get
more into iodine on that show,
but it is an element that
I feel everybody needs
because of the toxic
amounts of chlorine
and fluoride and bromide.
You see they use to add iodine
to bread, white flour years ago.
And they used to add
it to salt as well.
But now, years ago,
they replaced the
iodine with bromide.
So now, you even have
more deficiency of iodine.
But in 2006-- Mike,
you know how I liked
to give people actual statistics
because that's what it's all
about, real scientific studies.
In 2006, the Committee
of the National Academy
of Sciences published a 500 page
review of fluorides toxicity.
And the report concludes
that fluoride is an
endocrine disruptor
and can affect the bones, the
brain, the thyroid glands,
the pineal gland, and
even blood sugars.
Tell us about what happens
with the pineal gland.
>> Mike: Well, first
of all, back on that,
you're saying it's an
endocrine disruptor
that immediately got me thinking
about another contaminant
that's really common in foods
and beverages which is cadmium.
And new research
on cadmium shows
that cadmium is also an
estrogen mimicker just like BPA.
So, the concept here that is
really important for all of you
to grasp is that it's
not just the fluoride,
it's not just the cadmium which
refining in organic brown rice
by the way, many varieties
of rice contained cadmium.
It's not just the
BPA, the Bisphenol A,
it's this combination
of all these chemicals.
How they multiplied the
toxic effects of each other
and create a chemical cocktail
that is extremely toxic
to the human body.
I think this explains many of
the hormone sensitive cancers
that we're seeing today,
breast cancer, prostate cancer.
They're also explaining even
some of the crazy behavior
that we're seeing in people--
you know, a lot of people
are crazier these days.
Their mode are swinging wildly
because of the malnourishment,
lack of nutrition combined
with this toxic chemicals
that we're discussing
including fluoride.
>> Dr. Group: And the
skeletal fluorosis.
I mean, it's like
dental fluorosis
but skeletal fluorosis.
You wonder why so many
people have hip fractures
over 60, 50, 60 years old?
>> Mike: Yup.
>> Dr. Group: Fluoride will
turn your bones so brittle
that you'll be susceptible
to fractures throughout life.
And the pineal gland is an area
in your brain that if you look
at in the Indian Mythology
and spirituality, I mean,
most religions will say
that's your third eye.
Well, it's strange that fluoride
accumulates very rapidly
in the pineal gland--
>> Mike: Right, and
shuts it down.
>> Dr. Group: -- shuts it down.
And that's really your spiritual
opening of the third eye.
>> Mike: Exactly.
>> Dr. Group: You know,
that's how we have
increased consciousness.
But if you shut that pineal
gland down at an early age,
I mean, kids are already born
with high spiritual, you know,
abilities, but if you
immediately start putting this
water and people mix
this with their--
>> Mike: Right.
>> Dr. Group: -- baby formulas
which contain all kinds
of other stuff like GMOs and
stuff that are neurotoxic
to the body, then you can
shut down that kid's ability
to thrive with a high
IQ in that pineal gland
that kid will not
grow spiritually.
>> Mike: Well, I think
there's a whole agenda here
and perhaps this is a
whole different show
about disconnecting people
from their spiritual selves.
And if you look at the energy
centers of the body, you know,
often called the
chakras, these correlate
to the glands, the
endocrine glands.
And this is exactly what
gets shut down by fluoride.
So, if you were, let's say
running the world and you wanted
to keep people disconnected
from their higher selves
or from connection with
spirit, a very clever way to do
that would be to put something
in the water supply that shuts
down the pineal gland and that's
exactly what is happening right
now with sodium fluoride.
>> Dr. Group: You
know, and another thing
that we didn't mention
besides the toothpaste
and the water is tea.
How many people do you
know that drink tea?
I mean, if I go to a restaurant
which I don't really do
that often, but if I look
around at the tables,
I see this big glasses
of ice tea everywhere.
Number one, they are made
most likely with tap water
so they have a bunch
of fluoride in them.
>> Mike: Right.
>> Dr. Group: And
number two, black tea
and regular tea has
been shown now
to contain high levels
of fluoride.
>> Mike: And that's because
of the plant, the tea plant,
naturally takes up a tremendous
amount of fluoride, naturally.
It brings it in, but
it concentrates it
which then once you
stiff that in hot water,
that creates fluoride that
can again be an overdose.
But, I know we're
talking about solutions.
We only have a few minutes left.
I want to talk about
avoidance strategies, Ed.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: This is number one.
If you can avoid the
fluoride then you're going
to be much better off.
So, give us a rundown of
ways to just avoid fluoride.
>> Dr. Group: Well,
the number way
to avoid fluoride is
not drink tap water.
I mean, I would say that's
the number one thing.
Switch to an organic
non-fluoridated toothpaste.
Brush your teeth with
baking soda for example
or some natural essential oil
or some natural compound,
but avoid toothpaste.
Also, if you're on
prescription medications,
if you're on antidepressants,
you know,
there's natural alternative like
lithium orotate or, you know,
by cleansing your body
and reducing the amount
of toxic build up, a lot
of times your mental
stability comes back.
Most people think that they're
just depressed all of a sudden,
but usually it's because of
these toxins that are coming
into their body that are
causing them to be depressed.
>> Mike: Yeah, exactly.
And those prescription
medications,
they may have a short term
effect, but it's no better
than placebo according to
the scientific studies.
If you just think you're going
to feel better, you're going
to feel just as good as taking
an antidepressant, but then even
in the long term, you have
this additional burden
of more fluorine atoms going
into your brain interfering
with brain chemistry.
And then when you come
off of those drugs,
a lot of people feel suicidal.
And if you look at the
history of the school shootings
that have happened in the--
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: -- United
States, almost everyone
of those shootings has been
linked to either a kid that's
on antidepressants or a kid
that just recently came off
of antidepressants and
went crazy, went suicidal
and killed a bunch
of other kids.
So, it's actually quite
a history of death
and destruction not
just Nazi Germany,
but also modern day
school shootings are tied
to the same chemical
which is sodium fluoride.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
So avoiding as many
ingredients that you can
that contains fluoride and
next detoxing, cleansing--
>> Mike: Yes.
>> Dr. Group: -- your body
on a regular basis, and Mike,
I think one of the best
and the fastest way
to eliminate fluoride
is with iodine.
And I only recommend a nascent
detoxified form of iodine
and even up to 5-10
milligrams a day.
I think that people are so
deficient at this vital nutrient
that everybody needs
to be taking this,
especially with all the risks
and all the contaminants
that are coming in
into the body.
>> Mike: You just mentioned
5-10 milligrams a day--
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: -- and I
want to be sure
that that people
understand what that is
because the US government only
recommends I believe micrograms.
>> Dr. Group: Yes,
like 150 micrograms.
>> Mike: Right.
Right.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: So you're talking about
orders of magnitude more iodine
which actually doctors like
Dr. David Brownstein agrees
with that assessment.
Japanese populations intake
those very high levels,
I think one study show that
Japanese women can take
in as much as 10,
12, and 14 milligrams
of iodine a day eating
a lot of seafood.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: Again, that's
a thousand times more
than micrograms just
so you know.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
That would be 5,000
micrograms or 10,000 micrograms.
>> Mike: Exactly.
Exactly.
>> Dr. Group: And even in the
state of nuclear holocaust,
you could even go up to
200 milligrams initially
for iodine--
>> Mike: Maybe for a
short period of time.
>> Dr. Group: For a short--
>> Mike: Yeah, exactly.
>> Dr. Group: For a
short period of time.
But I tell you what, iodine
is one of the best ways
to eliminate fluoride
in the body.
The next thing is zeolite.
You know, I recommend
that you do your research,
find a good zeolite that
could be taken internally.
That was actually used
in Germany and Russia
and many other countries
to help detoxify fluoride.
Another thing that
most people don't know
about is tamarind,
the fruit tamarind.
Tamarind has been shown to help
detoxify fluoride from the body
as well what-- as well
as cilantro actually
mobilizes fluoride cilantro.
>> Mike: Cilantro has been
studied right now as a plant--
a natural remediation for water
that's contaminated with led,
cadmium, arsenic and mercury.
So, cilantro does pull
metals out of water.
That's well supported in
the scientific literature.
So Zeolites are pretty
amazing all by themselves.
You also mentioned nascent
iodine and I want to make sure
that the viewers understand
what that really is.
It's really an elemental atomic
iodine that is electrified.
So, it's actually-- there's
electric current that is put
through it to energized
the solution
at an atomic level allowing
the iodine molecules or atoms
to be isolated so that
they're ready to bond
with other elements in your body
and release energy
in that bonding.
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely.
Yeah. You know, we're not saying
go to your local drugstore
and purchase the iodine
over the counter because--
>> Mike: No.
>> Dr. Group: -- that's
toxic and it's dangerous.
And even potassium iodide,
you know, that's something
that you would-- if you
have the ability to get
on the atomic iodine, that's
always going to be the best.
Although--
>> Mike: Right.
>> Dr. Group: -- the
potassium could be used
in an emergency situation.
>> Mike: And povidone iodine
is toxic to ingest right?
That's a powerful antibiotic
use topically by surgeons and,
you know, if you've
got cuts or scrapes.
So don't go drinking povidone
iodine or any other source
of elemental iodine unless
it's specifically offered
as a dietary supplement.
>> Dr. Group: So, we know you
guys have learned a lot today
about fluoride.
We hope that you continue
watching our show,
Secrets to Health at
SecretsToHealth.TV.
It's a great opportunity for us
to share this information
with you.
Please come back and
check us out again.
>> Mike: And please don't
feed your baby this water
which contains sodium fluoride,
but thanks for watching.
This is Mike and Ed
with Secrets to Health.
We'll see you next time.
[ Music ]